What happened to us? Well, let me tell you the story.

*

"Our streak pet is going to be purple!" It's 12 AM and I was about to turn my phone off when the SickTok notification popped up.

That means we have succesfully texted each other everyday on SickTok for 3 years without fail. There's no such thing as streak recovery in this app, so we never went a day without sending a message to one another.

I immediately opened her text. "Hell yeah!" I texted her back to activate our 1095th streak and went to sleep without forgetting to say good night.

At least, I tried. My eyes wouldn't close for more than 5 minutes. My thoughts kept on rushing.

"Should I tell her about my feelings?"

"What will happen to our friendship?"

"What about our 3 years streak on SickTok?"

I had an Alibaba Cloud exam the next day. I needed to sleep. But how?

Suddenly, my mind recalled a song lyric. "If I tell you all my feelings, would you believe me?"

That's Ali Gatie's song, "What If I Told You That I Love You". That lyric made it less about me and more about her. If I told her, would she believe me? Because even after 2 years, I still don't believe my feelings.

*

"I love you. So much." Her text 5 years ago. I remember that vividly.

It was weird that she didn't shorten her words as usual, especially with the "so much". But I treated it like any other "Ily" messages me and my girlfriends always text each other. "Yk ily 2," I answered.

"No, I meant, as more than friends," she texted again after a minute.

I got hit with the realization that she just came out ....

"It's u. U're the 1 who makes me feel sure about it," she continued.

*

I was only 14. I had no idea I was going to get my heart broken by many immature boys after that. If only I could see the future, I would have returned her feelings back then. But life doesn't work that way.

So for the next 2 years, we stopped being friends as she dealt with her sexuality and my rejection. A little over 3 years ago, however, her video passed my For You page, and I started following her account.

A New Year party had resulted in us bumping around that time. It felt like fate.

You know what, maybe it <i>was</i> fate. I think I'm going to send her the lyrics with Spotify. After all, our friendship survived the pandemic. Maybe we really do have a strong chemistry. So I shared the lyric. And immediately turned my phone off again. Too scared to face her reply.

I woke up to her good morning text as usual, but she paid no attention to my act of courage last night. I wanted to mention it, but I was scared of sounding desperate. Well, maybe she forgot to reply after reading it last night. I shrugged it off.

*

A week had passed by, and my disappointment had too.

Ding.

A notification popped. She just posted a video on SickTok! God, yes. I've missed seeing her face. Her face, so sweet like cupcake. Hmm!

I stared at the video. I replayed it. I zoomed it.

And slowly, tears filled my eyes. Rained down as I face the bitter end of our 3 years friendship—the one I thought was going to bloom last week.

*

"U shud've told me. I thot we're friends?!"

"Wait, what is this about?"

"Oh, fuck you. Yk exactly what this is abt. Who's she?"

"Alr, would u calm down?"

"Go to hell."

"Hey! I'm in a healthy n happy relationship. I'm about to have kids. The least u can do is be happy for me!"

"How could u not tell me?"

"It was a secret."

"U've made videos with her before!"

"Uhh, yeah, as friends. It hasn't even been a month, calm down."

"Oh .... God, what about those good mornin n good nite texts?"

"Yk Ily so much .... But I've gotten past us some years ago."

There. Those words again. But an "Ily" doesn't hit as deep as an "I love you". What a fool I am, hoping she's still waiting for me.

"We're friends, so why shudn't I send gm n gn?" She sent a message again.

"Because we're lesbian .... And we have a history ...." But I answered that only in my mind .... In my heart ....

I'm calling the streak off. She was begging me not to, saying she wants to hit 5 years and have a red streak. "Well, do that with your partner, honey," I texted her.

We will never be able to be friends. Not when I have feelings. Late feelings that should have been felt 5 years ago. Us being this close could put her relationship at risk too. I don't want her to break up because of me, not even for me. I guess I love her that much to let her go when I have to.

*

Ah .... Now that I look back, it starts to click. Of course she did not reply to my lyric because she was already in a relationship.

Now I get it. She sent me the sweet texts to make me stay, without ever meaning them, without a care about how it would affect me. I'd like to think it was right for me to walk away before she could permanently scar me.